1. “Holiness does not consist in doing extraordinary things. It consists in accepting, with a smile, what Jesus sends us. It consists in accepting and following the will of God.”-- Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta, Mother Teresa: InMy Own Words, 1

2. "Holiness does not consist in one exercise or another, but it is a disposition of the heart, which renders us humble and little in the hands of God, conscious of our weakness, and confident, even daringly confident, in His fatherly goodness." -- St. Therese of Lisieux,Spirit of St. Therese, compiled by the Carmelites of Lisieux (Burns and Oates), 179.

3. To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often. -Bl. John Henry Cardinal Newman

4. It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels. -Saint Augustine

5. Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you. -St. Augustine

6. We are to love God for Himself, because of a twofold reason; nothing is more reasonable, nothing more profitable. -St. Bernard of Clairvaux

7. You cannot be half a saint; you must be a whole saint or no saint at all. -St. Therese of Lisieux

8. God gives each one of us sufficient grace ever to know His holy will, and to do it fully. -St. Ignatius of Loyola

9. It is better to say one Our Father fervently and devoutly than a thousand with no devotion and full of distraction. –St. Edmund

10. Charity brings to life again those whoare spiritually dead. –St. Thomas Aquinas

11. Joy is a net of love by which we catch souls. –Mother Teresa

12. Patience is the companion of wisdom. –St. Augustine

13. When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time. –St. Francis de Sales

14. The purpose of clothing is to keep warm in winter and to cover your nakedness, not to serve your vanity.  St. Cyril of Jerusalem

15. Do not say that you have chaste minds if you have unchaste eyes, because an unchaste eye is the messenger of an unchaste heart. –St. Augustine

16. It is simply impossible to lead, without the aid of prayer, a virtuous life.-Saint John Chrysostom

God asks little, but He gives much.-Saint John Chrysostom

What prayer could be more true before God the Father than that which the Son, who is Truth, uttered with His own lips?-Saint John Chrysostom

You know well enough that Our Lord does not look so much at the greatness of our actions, nor even at their difficulty, but at the love with which we do them.-Saint Therese of Lisieux

Our Lord does not come down from Heaven every day to lie in a golden ciborium. He comes to find another heaven which is infinitely dearer to him - the heaven of our souls, created in His Image, the living temples of the Adorable Trinity.- Saint Therese of Lisieux

Our Lord needs from us neither great deeds nor profoundthoughts. Neither intelligence nor talents. He cherishes simplicity.-Saint Therese of Lisieux

The Most Blessed Sacrament is Christ made visible. The poor sick person is Christ again made visible.-Saint Gerard Majella

I see in my neighbor the Person of Jesus Christ.-Saint Gerard Majella

Who except God can give you peace? Has the world everbeen able to satisfy the heart?-Saint Gerard Majella

No earthly pleasures, no kingdoms of this world can benefit me in any way. I prefer death in Christ Jesus to power over the farthest limits of the earth. He who died in place of us is the one object of my quest. He who rosefor our sakes is my one desire.-Saint Ignatius of Antioch

I am not capable of doing big things, but I want to do everything, even the smallest things, for the greater glory of God.- Saint Dominic Savio

Nothing seems tiresome or painful when you are workingfor a Master who pays well; who rewards even a cup of cold water given for love of Him.- Saint Dominic Savio

The proof of love is in the works. Where love exists, it works great things. But when it ceases to act, it ceases to exist.- Saint Gregory the Great

If we are, in fact, now occupied in good deeds, we shouldnot attribute the strength with which we are doing them to ourselves. We must not count on ourselves, because even if we know what kind of person we are today, we donot know what we will be tomorrow.-Saint Gregory the GreatWe must fear God out of love, not love Him out of fear.-Saint Francis de Sales

It is to those who have the most need of us that we ought to show our love more especially.- Saint Francis de Sales

Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections, but instantly set about remedying them.-Saint Francis de Sales

Consider all the past as nothing, and say, like David: Now I begin to love my God.-Saint Francis de Sales

All the science of the Saints is included in these two things: To do, and to suffer. And whoever had done thesetwo things best, has made himself most saintly.-Saint Francis de Sales

All of us can attain to Christian virtue and holiness, no matter in what condition of life we live and no matter what our life work may be.-Saint Francis de Sales

Let us run to Mary, and, as her little children, cast ourselves into her arms with a perfect confidence.-Saint Francis de Sales

It is not the actual physical exertion that counts towards a one's progress, nor the nature of the task, but by the spirit of faith with which it is undertaken.-Saint Francis Xavier

Charity is the sweet and holy bond which links the soul with its Creator: it binds God with man and man with God.- Saint Catherine of Siena

Everything comes from love, all is ordained for the salvation of man, God does nothing without this goal in mind.-Saint Catherine of Siena

The saints are like the stars. In his providence Christ conceals them in a hidden place that they may not shine before others when they might wish to do so. Yet they are always ready to exchange the quiet of contemplation for the works of mercy as soon as they perceive in their heart the invitation of Christ.-Saint Anthony of Padua

Actions speak louder than words; let your words teach and your actions speak.-Saint Anthony of Padua

Alms are an inheritance and a justice which is due to the poor and which Jesus has levied upon us.- Saint Francis of Assisi

Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society.- Saint Francis of Assisi

Jesus is happy to come with us, as truth is happy to be spoken, as life to be lived, as light to be lit, as love is to be loved, as joy to be given, as peace to be spread.-Saint Francis of Assisi

To love God as He ought to be loved, we must be detached from all temporal love. We must love nothing but Him, or if we love anything else, we must love it only for His sake.-Saint Peter Claver

If we wish to make any progress in the service of God wemust begin every day of our life with new eagerness. We must keep ourselves in the presence of God as much as possible and have no other view or end in all our actions but the divine honor.- Saint Charles Borromeo

We must meditate before, during and after everything wedo. The prophet says: "I will pray, and then I will understand."  This is the way we can easily overcome thecountless difficulties we have to face day after day, which, after all, are part of our work. In meditation we find the strength to bring Christ to birth in ourselves and in others.- Saint Charles Borromeo

We must pray without ceasing, in every occurrence and employment of our lives - that prayer which is rather a habit of lifting up the heart to God as in a constant communication with Him.- Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton

The first end I propose in our daily work is to do the will of God; secondly, to do it in the manner he wills it; and thirdly to do it because it is his will.- Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton

The most deadly poison of our times is indifference. Andthis happens, although the praise of God should know no limits. Let us strive, therefore, to praise Him to the greatest extent of our powers.- Saint Maximilian Kolbe

For Jesus Christ I am prepared to suffer still more.- Saint Maximilian Kolbe

Prayer ought to be short and pure, unless it be prolonged by the inspiration of Divine grace.- Saint Benedict

Those whose hearts are pure are temples of the Holy Spirit.- Saint Lucy

Jesus Christ, Lord of all things! You see my heart, you know my desires. Possess all that I am - you alone. I am your sheep; make me worthy to overcome the devil.-Saint Agatha

Go forth in peace, for you have followed the good road. Go forth without fear, for he who created you has made you holy, has always protected you, and loves you as a mother. Blessed be you, my God, for having created me.- Saint Clare of Assisi

We must pray without tiring, for the salvation of mankind does not depend on material success; nor on sciences that cloud the intellect. Neither does it depend on arms and human industries, but on Jesus alone.-Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini

Apart from the cross there is no other ladder by which wemay get to heaven.-Saint Rose of Lima

Hold your eyes on God and leave the doing to him. That is all the doing you have to worry about.-Saint Jeanne de Chantal

We must love our neighbor as being made in the image of God and as an object of His love.-Saint Vincent de Paul

The most powerful weapon to conquer the devil is humility. For, as he does not know at all how to employ it,neither does he know how to defend himself from it.-Saint Vincent de Paul

We should strive to keep our hearts open to the sufferings and wretchedness of other people, and pray continually that God may grant us that spirit of compassion which is truly the spirit of God.-Saint Vincent de Paul

Extend your mercy towards others, so that there can be no one in need whom you meet without helping. For whathope is there for us if God should withdraw His Mercy from us?-Saint Vincent de Paul

There is no such thing as bad weather. All weather is good because it is God's.-Saint Teresa of Avila

There is more value in a little study of humility and in a single act of it than in all the knowledge in the world.-Saint Teresa of Avila

We need no wings to go in search of Him, but have only to look upon Him present within us.-Saint Teresa of Avila

Grant me, O Lord my God, a mind to know you, a heart to seek you, wisdom to find you, conduct pleasing to you, faithful perseverance in waiting for you, and a hope of finally embracing you.- Saint Thomas Aquinas

Charity is the form, mover, mother and root of all the virtues.- Saint Thomas Aquinas

No one heals himself by wounding another.- Saint Ambrose

Our own evil inclinations are far more dangerous than any external enemies.- Saint Ambrose

He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor.-Saint Bede the Venerable

God has no need of your money, but the poor have. You give it to the poor, and God receives it.-Saint Augustine

What do you possess if you possess not God?-Saint Augustine

This very moment I may, if I desire, become the friend of God.-Saint Augustine

Enjoy yourself as much as you like – if only you keep from sin.-Saint John Bosco

Nothing is far from God.-Saint Monica

Charity is that with which no man is lost, and without which no man is saved.- Saint Robert Bellarmine

Virtue is nothing without the trial of temptation, for there is no conflict without an enemy, no victory without strife.- Saint Leo the Great

He who trusts himself is lost.  He who trusts in God can do all things.- Saint Alphonsus Liguori

You either belong wholly to the world or wholly to God.-Saint John Vianney

You cannot please both God and the world at the same time.  They are utterly opposed to each other in their thoughts, their desires, and their actions.-Saint John Vianney

Our wish, our object, our chief preoccupation must be to form Jesus in ourselves, to make his spirit, his devotion, his affections, his desire, and his disposition live and reign there.-Saint John Eudes

A great means to preserve continual peace and tranquillity of soul is to receive everything from the hands of God, both great and small, and in whatever way it comes.--St. Dorotheus

'See, my children, a person who is in a state of sin is always sad. Whatever he does, he is weary and disgusted with every thing; while he who is at peace with God is always happy, always joyous. . . Oh, beautiful life! Oh,beautiful death!'--St. Jean Marie Baptiste Vianney

He who is humble easily obeys everyone, fears to offend anyone, is atpeace with everyone, is kind with all.--St Thomas of Villanova

"Mankind will not have peace until it turns with trust to My mercy." (300)--Diary of St Faustina, Divine Mercy in my Soul

Who except God can give you peace? Has the world ever been able to satisfy the heart?--Saint Gerard Majella

“If we have no peace, it is because wehave forgotten that we belong to eachother.”--Blessed Mother Teresa“

Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.”--St. Francis de Sales"

Keep your soul at peace, in order to be able to be attentive and very faithful to the inner movement of the Holy Spirit." (To Mme. Stephanie Gourde, November 25, 1850)--Saint Peter Julian Eymard“

Peace begins with a smile.”--Blessed Mother Teresa“

If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.”--Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta“

Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. The rest will be given.”--Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta"

While you are proclaiming peace withyour lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart."--Saint Francis of Assisi"

Be at peace with your own soul, then heaven and earth will be at peace withyou."--Saint Jerome

The servants of God...whether provoked by word or work, by keeping themselves tranquil and peaceful, evince a perfect nobleness of soul.”--Saint Thomas Aquinas”

By humility a man finds grace before God and peace with men.”--Blessed Giles of Assisi

”We must sometimes bear with little defects in others, as we have, against our will, to bear with natural defects inourselves. If we wish to keep peace with our neighbor, we should never remind anyone of his natural defects.”--Saint Philip Neri”

The more a person loves God, the more reason he has to hope in Him. This hope produces in the Saints an unutterable peace, which they preserve even in adversity, because as they love God, and know how beautiful He is to those who love Him,they place all their confidence and find all their repose in Him alone.”--Saint Alphonsus Liguori"

Opting for peace does not mean a passive acquiescence to evil or compromise of principle. It demands an active struggle against hatred, oppression and disunity, but not by using methods of violence. Building peace requires creative and courageous action."--Pope John Paul II

She  who is silent everywhere finds peace.--St. Teresa Margaret

She who desires peace must see, suffer and be silent.--St. Teresa Margaret

“Always receive with equal contentment from God’s hand either consolations or sufferings, peace or distress, health or illness. Ask nothing,refuse nothing, but always be ready todo and to suffer anything that comes from His Providence.”--St. Teresa Margaret

Our souls may lose their peace and even disturb other people's, if we are always criticizing trivial actions - which often are not real defects at all, but we construe them wrongly through our ignorance of their motives.--Saint Teresa

Peace is the work of justice indirectly, in so far as justice removes the obstacles to peace; but it is the work of charity (love) directly, since charity, according to its very notion, causes peace.--Thomas Aquinas

All works of love are works of peace.--Blessed Mother Teresa

Let us not be justices of the peace, but angels of peace.--St. Therese of Lisieux

Let us go forward in peace, our eyes upon heaven, the only one goal of our labors.--St. Therese of Lisieux

Peace is not just the absence of war. Like a cathedral, peace must be constructed patiently and with unshakable faith.--Pope John Paul II